chore: add progress bar prototype to CSS labs (#432)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: frontend-cert/css-projects/progress-bar/user-stories.md

> 1. You should have a `div` with an `h2` heading of `Car Acceleration`.

Reviewer: We should consider allowing campers to have either a `main` or `generic `div` element since either would be correct.
Also, I think we should use an h1 here since this the main title instead of a subheading

```suggestion
1. You should have a `div` or `main` element with an `h1` heading with the text of `Car Acceleration`.
```

Reviewer: Also, we should mention, it should have the class of `progress-bar-container` so it will be easier to test that way if they use `div` or `main`

> 1. Inside the main div, there should be another `div` with the class `progress-bar` that contains the full width of the progress bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Inside the main container, there should be a `div` with the class `progress-bar` that contains the full width of the progress bar.
```

1. Your progress bar should be `800px` wide and `25px` high. 
   

> 1. Inside the `progress-bar` `div`, there should be a `span` with the class `percentage` that represents the actual progress of the bar. Set the appropriate display type to the `span` class to adapt it to the parent.

Reviewer: wouldn't another div work better here because we are changing the display property anyway?

> 1. Add a background color to the progress percentage to make it visible.

Reviewer: For consistency, we should stick with the "you should" or "it should" terminology

```suggestion
1. You should have a background color for the progress percentage to make it visible.
```

1. The progress bar animation should be named `progress`. It should last for `1.5` seconds and should be slow at the beginning and fast at the end. The animation should run only once.

> 1. The progress should start with a width of `0` and end with a width of `75%`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `progress` should start with a width of `0` and end with a width of `75%`.
```
